I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
There is nothing permanent except change.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
The only journey is the one within.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
Independence is happiness.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
